Store preview scope in cookie for app router (#1897)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/good-squids-join.md

---
"@comet/cms-site": minor
---

> Store site preview-scope in cookie and add `previewParams()` helper to access it
> 
> - new required env variable `SITE_PREVIEW_SECRET` must contain a random secret (not required in local dev)
> - new api site-preview api route is required:
> ```
> import { sitePreviewRoute } from "@comet/cms-site";
> import { createGraphQLFetch } from "@src/util/graphQLClient";
> import { type NextRequest } from "next/server";
> 
> export const dynamic = "force-dynamic";
> export async function GET(request: NextRequest) {
>     return sitePreviewRoute(request, createGraphQLFetch());
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store site preview scope in cookie and add `previewParams()` helper to access it

- Requires the new `SITE_PREVIEW_SECRET` environment variable that must contain a random secret (not required for local development)
- Requires a Route Handler located at `app/api/site-preview/route.ts`:

  ```ts
  import { sitePreviewRoute } from "@comet/cms-site";
  import { createGraphQLFetch } from "@src/util/graphQLClient";
  import { type NextRequest } from "next/server";

  export const dynamic = "force-dynamic";
  
  export async function GET(request: NextRequest) {
    return sitePreviewRoute(request, createGraphQLFetch());
  }
  ```

```

---
"@comet/cms-site": minor
---

> Store site preview-scope in cookie and add helper to access it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store site preview-scope in cookie and add `previewParams()` helper to access it
```

I believe it's a good idea to explicitly name the helper in the changeset.
